README.md, before:

# Discord Cogs for Small Servers

![MovieClub Bot](movieclub.png)

This repository contains a collection of Discord cogs designed specifically for small servers. These cogs provide various functionalities to enhance the server experience and make it more engaging for the community.

## Features

### Movie Club
Schedule movie nights more easily by conducting polls and manage movie suggestions. This supposes that you will coordinate a way to watch the movie over Voice Chat in Discord.

Next:
[ ] **Event Scheduler**: Plan and coordinate events, RSVP, and send reminders.  Done!
[ ] **Movie journal**: Automatically create a forum channel with each film, allowing users to discuss the movie afterward.
[ ] **Member Stats**: Track and display user activity and engagement on the server.

## Requirements

To use these cogs, you need the following:

- **Python 3.8+**
- **Discord.py**
- **Red-DiscordBot**

## Installation

TBD

## Usage

TBD

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or have ideas for improvements, please create an issue or submit a pull request. 

## License

This project is licensed under the [GNU General Public License v3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html). This ensures the freedom to use, modify, and distribute, but requires any derivative works or distributions to be open-source under the same license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file in this repository for more details.

## Acknowledgements

- [Red-DiscordBot](https://github.com/Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot): An extensible, customizable Discord bot framework.
- [discord.py](https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py): A powerful library for interacting with the Discord API.
- [holidays](https://pypi.org/project/holidays/): A Python library for generating and managing public holidays.

## Disclaimer

This project is not affiliated with or endorsed by Discord or any associated entities.

Commit message:

Allow users to add movies, create polls to decide on movies
* add demo tmdb, letterboxd examples

* refining data inputs

* more folder structure

* forgot files

* done with letterboxd.py

* fix misformed urls

* refactor tmdb

* Working sending movie info to discord

* Add more error handling when looking up movie data

* Add movies to poll

* working movie poll on launch, doesn't stay alive

* Code complete thanks to naho's refactoring! Still needs ux fit and finish

* update readme, fix % of people that voted text

* Add logo, fix README.md

README.md, after:

# Discord Cogs for Small Servers

This repository contains a collection of Discord cogs designed specifically for small servers (less than 50 people). These cogs focus on getting people (e.g. friends, family) to connect. _Please note:_ These cogs are currently built for my own particular server and style (e.g. response messages), but I welcome any PRs if you'd like to help generalize/customize them.

## Features


![MovieClub](https://github.com/zaneriley/discord-cogs-for-small-servers/blob/main/movieclub/cog-logo.png?raw=true)

Schedule movie nights more easily by conducting polls and managing movie suggestions. 

- [x] Add movies to consider with `!movieclub movie add {film title}`. This will automatically pull info from TMDB and Letterboxd and load it into the next poll.
- [x] Decide on a date with `!movieclub poll date start` which will find available dates at the end of the month. It even accounts for (US) holidays.
- [x] Choose a movie with `!movieclub poll movie start` which loads all suggest movies into a poll for a vote. 

Next:
- [ ] **Event Scheduler**: Plan and coordinate discord events, RSVPs, and send reminders. 
- [ ] **Movie journal**: Automatically create a forum channel with each film, allowing users to discuss the movie afterward.
- [ ] **Member Stats**: Track and display user activity and engagement on the server.

## Requirements

To use these cogs, you need the following:

- **Python 3.8+**
- **Discord.py**
- **Red-DiscordBot**

## Installation

TBD

## Usage

TBD

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or have ideas for improvements, please create an issue or submit a pull request. 

## License

This project is licensed under the [GNU General Public License v3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html). This ensures the freedom to use, modify, and distribute, but requires any derivative works or distributions to be open-source under the same license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file in this repository for more details.

## Acknowledgements

- [Red-DiscordBot](https://github.com/Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot): An extensible, customizable Discord bot framework.
- [discord.py](https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py): A powerful library for interacting with the Discord API.
- [holidays](https://pypi.org/project/holidays/): A Python library for generating and managing public holidays.

## Disclaimer

This project is not affiliated with or endorsed by Discord or any associated entities.
